[19.0][MIG] edi_ubl_oca: Migration to 19.0 (#264)
OCA/edi-framework: edi_ubl_oca/readme/CREDITS.md

> The migration of this module from 14.0 to 16.0 was financially supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration of this module from 18.0 to 19.0 was financially supported
```

Reviewer 2: This is needed only when we don't do the migration directly. Otherwise... what's the point? :)
